Although only one truck can be in a door at a time, I would like to be able to assign multiple orders  or inbound PO deliveries to a door at a time. FOr example - if we were RECEIVING a delivery of PO 12345 into Door 1, I would also like the capability to stage outbound loads at the same time. So we could reserve the inbound to Stgln1A, 1B, and 1C - while simultaneously staging outbound order XYZ in Stage lane 1D. How do we accomplish this though? We would have to be able to designate outbound and inbound pallets to specific staging lanes. Currently we have a dropdown for outbound orders - so we could just add onto that function by specifying more than just Stage lane 1 - the drop down would have every stglane specifically that is available - in the dropdown the ones that are occupied would be denoted as 'Occupied' just to the left of their label and be grayed out and unselectable.  If players are unable to continue to stage an outbound into a specific lane - then the player would be notified  that they cannot continue. Any reach truck or order selector that is designated to deliver to that lane would automatically go to patrol mode - if there were no patrol points they would just remain stationary and a chat bubble would appear over their head that says "I cant deliver this pallet, that location is full"  Its at this point the player should be able to go into the work queue and select the "TO" location and assign a  secondary staging lane that is unoccupied if they wanted using the regular drop down we use to release the orders on the work queue.  There needs to be a mechanic in place that tracks this secondary staging lane, to that order so that if the truck is there the loader knows to go get it, or even if the truck isnt there for that matter - they would know to get it when they do show up. If there is absolutely NO FREE LANES - the player will just have to wait OR build more lanes and shipping doors. For loads that are delivering - if they are in a door and a dockstocker is trying to offload and there is no room in any of the staging lanes for the door the truck is in - the game manager or whatever system is responsible should search for the nearest lane that is UNOCCUPIED, and send a prompt modal to the player saying - "No more room for PO X in Door X to offload to - should dockstocker continue to offload using Staging Lane X" Where X is a variable for whatever predicates it in this prompt.

Work on work Q - capability to update priorities

